Update 2_Scenario.rst (#2461)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/intro/2_Scenario.rst

- ``known to (since): 'Alice' (#0)`` tells you who knows about the contract. The fact that ``'Alice'`` appears in the list is equivalent to a ``x`` in the tabular view. The ``(#0)`` gives you the additional information that ``Alice`` learned about the contract in commit ``#0``.
- Everything following ``with`` shows the create arguments.

> For more on understanding scenario results, revert to :doc:`daml-studio`

Reviewer: I suspect you need to give an absolute path
```suggestion
For more on scenario results, refer to :doc:`/daml/daml-studio`
```
